it is good to see all of it I miss all
you guys my name is Celia parson and
this is my husband will parsa and we
wanted to meet the president contest
with ofx support his Amanda Lewis he
actually shook my hand and he talked to
us and oh thank you for your toilet all
right proud of when I got the email
about the contest i entered it right
away and then I got the additional
emails that you can enter more so I
basically entered as many times since I
could what are you starting in that way
I'm part of the global studies brother
just for you before your program versus
been so personable he seems to genuinely
want to know what is going on in your
life having someone like that in the
White House is just so inspiring to a
two day knowing that if anything goes
wrong you know there's someone fighting
for you
I've supported him since the beginning
and I've friends who are also with me on
this and I think that makes it a lot
easier when you know you've got a group
of people and and you get together and
go to events and do kemah scene well I'm
so inspired by yes okay thank you means
11 thank you once the campaign is over
it's like okay so we've done that but
look at all the stuff that has to get
done and how are we gonna get it done so
the organizing for action was sort of a
way that I could carry on doing some
more things after the campaign was over
and I think it does and will continue to
let us do some things that will help get
our message and agenda ultimately what
you do day to day away from the TV
cameras that's what is gonna make a
confidence something I never in a
million years thought of her down we get
to go back on at everyone yeah we met
the president thank you very much okay i
love you guys
you